# clean-oldfiles

## SYNOPSIS
Clean-Oldfiles will list files older than the specified number of days stored in the specified path. If the -clean switch is provided, the files will be removed.

## SYNTAX

### Set 1
```
clean-oldfiles [[-days] <Object>] [[-path] <String>] [-clean] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Have you ever wanted to clean up a folder like /downloads but didnt want to go through the hassle (or deal with sentimental troubles) by reviewing every file in a folder? This function is for you! Give it a number of days, and a path, and log the files that are older -  then with the flip of a switch, delete them.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
Running the function without the -clean switch will log the files found that are older than 45 days found in the c:\\users\\derek\\downloads directory. The logs will be stored in c:\\logs
```powershell
C:\PS> clean-oldfiles -days 45 -path c:\users\derek\downloads
```

### EXAMPLE 2
Running the clean-oldfiles function with the -clean switch will remove files older than 45 days from the c:\\users\\derek\\downloads folder. Logs of deletd files will be stored in C:\\logs
```powershell
C:\PS> clean-oldfiles
```

## PARAMETERS

### days
The number of days a file should be older than

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: 0
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### path
The path you wish to check for old files

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: 1
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### clean
A switch to tell the function to clean up, that is, delete forever, files older than the number of days specified

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### \<CommonParameters\>
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None


## OUTPUTS

### System.Object


## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version]()


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2017 v2.1.34*
